hola soy julian


i am working in git
now I am config git

--agregando verbos en ingles

work, run, walk, enjoy, see, take, try, cry, fly, start, begin,
speak, head, teach, learn, love, stop, smell, jog, drink,
 watch, play, eat, need, have, cut, cook, buy, pay, ask, belive, fall,
let, travel, meet, driver, fix , rest, plant, remenber, reject, resolve,
touch, want, like,search, 

never give up

how was that?

I'm happy for be with my parents, because them are the more importants that I have

i am happy

I always want to be with her, but she doesn't like me,
I don't know what to do, for her like like it,

I always can be with her but  I can not say that I love her


I am sad because I have no one to talk to 


red cars are ours

she is daniela and that is her black dog that it like to run on the park

daniela and camila are here with their white dogs 

I sometime would want to be with her, but things does not out

I was search to work but I don't get


'pp'    'PO'    'PA'    'Ps Pr'     'RP'

I       me      my        mine      myself
you     you     your      yours     yourself
he      him     his       his       hiself
her     her     her       hers      herself
you     your    your      yours     yourselves
they    them    their     theirs    theirselves


I go to follow learning English 

==take on me===
==stand by me==

what => que, cual
where => donde - adonde
who => quien    
wich=> cual
why => por que
when => cuando





what is your name?
what is that?
what is the color of your eyes?

where are you from?
where are the books?
where do you live?

who is your teacher english?
who are they?

which color do you like more, white or purpple?


why are you in the shopping mall?
why is the music so alound?
why are they sad?

when is  the english test?
when is your birthday?
when are you comming?

you play the guitar very well.

he rund in the park

she drives a black car.

it turns on the TV,

we paint houses 


you are students

they cook colombian food

==object pronouns====
i love my grandma, she loves me too
you don't like it
karol is very special, I miss you.

the project is very interesting, the teachers want us to write about it.


in this first  learning activity of the english dot work 1 training program, you will learn about WH question, subject pronouns, object pronouns, possessives adjective, countries and nationalities. article a - an - the, professions and family members

this material will help you study  the topics related
to learning activity 1 


what whould like to eat breakfast?


sometimes the object of a sentences is a person or thing that performs and action, this person or thing can vbe described using its name, or it can be 

 I like their proposal about  the project
  I like their proposal about the project


estamos en la rama cabecera  y estoy feliz sigo aqui






quiero seguir adelante-- desde cabecera, los mejores tiempos de mi vida los paso en casa con las  personas que amo

por mas que tu realidad trate de ponerse oscura, sigue adelante con tus metas y demuestrale
 a la oscuridad que tu eres esa luz que la ba a iluminar.
